prevention yeah what's what obviously an
ounce of prevention is worth a pound of
cure you hear all that stuff but while
we're waiting for cures or or a way to
turn this into a chronic reality I mean
can you just sell people flat out like
don't do this do this don't do this here
Sure Fire ways things you've learned
well the first five things I would say
don't smoke don't smoke don't smoke
don't smoke don't smoke that's really
that really is isn't it yes well why do
I see doctors and nurses outside the
waiting room smoking all the time
because it's an addiction and and it
took it took it took 50 years for for
you know for us to con convince the
courts that it was an addiction but I
mean I'm not being fous smoking is a
major major part of it diet has a small
role for colon cancer um a small role a
small role yeah U you know but
definitely a role um you know ionizing
radiation sun exposure um and then you
know the the preventive screening has
has roles in in all of this uh
colonoscopies mammograms they're they're
not the mammogram we talk about in the
book is not the best te technology but
it's a good piece of technology that's
what we have right now right and and are
there other things coming down the pipe
that you're excited about well uh
there's a new study that makes the
argument that if you if you take people
who are high risk smokers at high risk
and you perform CAT scans you can detect
cancers the problem is that if you it's
much actually for dollar for dollar it's
it's much better to knock the cigarette
off the person who you see smoking
outside than to perform a you know
$6,000 CAT scan but if that's what works
it it's what works that would be amazing
he just start a random campaign instead
of running for the Cure piss off smokers
for the Cure just start smacking
out of their hands I would love it if
that happen don't do it um the uh I'm
going to get sued
[Music]
now